Adding Pages for Discord Bot Videos 1 and 2 (#2861)
CodingTrain/website: _learning/discord-bot/02-dev-portal.md

---
title: Discord Developer Portal
video_number: 2
date: 2020-11-05
video_id: zzz

links:
  - title: "Discord (Website)"
    url: https://discord.com/
  - title: "Discord Developer Portal"
    url: https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro
  - title: "The Coding Train Discord"
    url: /discord
---

> In this video I show how use the discord developer portal to create a bot and add it to a discord server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this video I demonstrate how use the discord developer portal to create a bot application and add it to a specific discord server using the client id.
```
